Documenting new sauce connect version (#1889)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/sauce-connect.md

1. First, you'll need to create a YAML configuration file. From a text editor or IDE, create a file called **api-config.yaml**, then copy and paste it into the template below.

:::caution Important

> If you are already using a tunnel, please note the version has been updated and the previous one **v2alpha** is no longer supported. Please update your version as per the below configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already using a tunnel, note that the version has been updated and the previous version **v2alpha** is no longer supported.  Update your version as per the configuration below.
```

> If you are already using a tunnel, please note the version has been updated and the previous one **v2alpha** is no longer supported. Please update your version as per the below configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are already using a tunnel, note the version has been updated and the previous one **v2alpha** is deprecated and will soon be no longer supported. Update your version as per the below configuration.
```

> If you are already using a tunnel, note that the version has been updated and the previous version **v2alpha** is deprecated and will soon be no longer supported. Update your version as per the configuration below.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are already using a tunnel, note that the version has been updated, and the previous version **v2alpha** is deprecated and will be dismissed by July 31st. Update your version as per the configuration below.
```
